yeah the other burger just looks more um
uh sorry big veggie burgers feast mode
hunger squad we're gonna be traveling
all over Los Angeles today and our
mission today is to find the best veggie
burger in LA we're gonna play veggie
burger telephone what happens is we go
to one restaurant we try the veggie
burger and then ask them where they
would go if they weren't eating their
own veggie burger and then we're gonna
keep going on and on and on until we
find the best one in LA for me as a
vegetarian it's pretty hard to find a
good veggie burger I don't think I've
ever actually eaten a veggie burger so
this will be interesting on the big meat
fan I don't care what's in a brother as
long as it tastes good I'm down for that
I need a few more spots to eat veggie
burgers at because most of the ladies in
Los Angeles are vegan as we all know I
am a vegetarian I am a vegetarian we are
on our way right now to Cafe Gratitude
we gotta make up a rubric here what
makes a good Oh okay first it's not too
mushy it's not real meat it can't be
mushy permanent flavor
obviously presentation I'm always
worried with the veggie burgers that I'm
not gonna yeah I'm not gonna have a full
meal let's do it let's do it
oh god I'm so hungry and I'm suck our
sweetie all right so this is our first
stop for veggie burgers tell us about
Cafe Gratitude
we're an all organic all vegan
establishment we are just kind of a
casual fun place where you can bring
anyone from your dog to your grandma
you're gonna be having the I am magical
which is our double cheeseburger with
our black bean and mushroom and all
sorts of spices and the patties will it
make me full it'll definitely make you
full I like to refer to it as the
boyfriend burger first off this burger
looks pretty neat patties are like maybe
a quarter of an inch thick I'm gonna
give it a four on presentation you know
there's always room for growth
I like the texture a lot okay so like a
salad mine it's falling apart
Stephens eating like a child this is not
some nettles upgrade for me the flavors
are good though mm-hmm hello sprig of
rosemary another good flavor
I'll give it a for bonus cause we're
filming Oh
how much do you eat I'll give it a pour
one thing I do know about this salmon is
it is nutritious AF look at calling her
fit in with the kids is they these
sounded like mr. long I think we are
eternally grateful to Cafe Gratitude but
it is time to move on if you weren't
gonna eat a veggie burger here where
would you go next my go-to is probably
Sun cafe in Studio City it's my turn to
drive and I'm gonna take us to the
valley Jordans from Boston I know how
people in Boston I'm a perfect driver
vegetarians on average fart like 10
times more than meat-eaters they're good
for your heart more you eat the more you
fart I don't remember that girl Steven
I'm Ilya so Cafe Gratitude sent us here
to try your veggie burgers but first you
wanted to tell us a little bit about the
restaurant we make all our own cheese
from scratch out of seeds and nuts
so everything's super fresh we have our
traditional one which is our raw burger
and then we also have a new one that we
just introduced which is a marinated
tempeh burger I've never had tempeh so
ah I freakin love temple yes we're going
we're going that's interesting
food consistency nice and firm whatever
it is this is a soy product and it's a
delicious one Stephanie Pam I don't know
it's like a pretty good burger but it
doesn't look a sandwich all right let's
move on there's raw which I'm super
stoked about Oh a thrill is up
what's this creamy sauce my bottom in a
salsa it's got kind of a meaty flavor to
it which is interesting it's um did you
bring your own no no I gave you my good
it is firm yeah firmness
5 fullness 5 presentation 5 flavor 5
you're too generous you're like Oh bro
I would say it's a four-point pilot whoa
actually no now in second thought it's a
five it definitely holds together yeah
it moves like a burger there's a lot of
flavors to work through but like all
really great flavors overall I'll bring
a date here not this one
what a date I'm legit so full right now
like I don't know how I'm gonna do
another restaurant if you weren't going
to eat a veggie burger here where would
you go to eat a veggie burger I've heard
some good things about Beachwood cafe
it's gonna be hard to top this place
seriously but it's time to go to Big
Foot honestly I don't know what this guy
can do like it's better than camping
spot is definitely like classic veggie
diner what we're gonna do if you want to
order value burgers for us you have them
here yes we make our own veggie burgers
here this is what I expect the veggie
burger to look like it smells really
good I would say it's like very classic
American fare yeah this is the only
burger that was open case but open base
is better
yeah good credit Asian you can wait for
it to be fresh until you actually eat it
I'm gonna go for an presentation do we
want to spread out a pot oh man where's
the brown rice oh it's in the paddy
paddy all right here we go mmm good
paddy it son chewy
me I like 2.5 like this is not as firm
as I would have wanted this will fill me
up this is a full meal I'm gonna say
five on fullness because it's just like
a patty of rice I like the flavor it
gives you like a home feeling like a
warm feeling this is like the inside of
a Chipotle burrito bowl it didn't blow
my mind I'm going 3 on flavor
yeah I've got a food baby AF we finish
it yeah my favorite burger was the raw
burger at Sun cafe made a lot of good
burgers but that one was off the charts
good I'm glad that we found places where
I can go and also bring a vegetarian
after today I think I'm less skeptical
of veggie burgers and I think I've added
a few more pretty choice date spots to
my repertoire for sure these know damn
well they're gonna have good food
tonight we're all gonna have it really
easy peasy the fiber just like makes it
just go
[Music]